Presentation time 
Aaron Finch: "We were about 20 or 30 short. Especially after we lost one wicket, we had to take it deeper. 
But our bowlers did well, continued taking wickets, and they were really good. If you have a guy go on and 
get 80, and that's what you are trying to do. Just a bit more attention to detail. We tried our best with the 
ball. I think our quicks are most effective when they are banging the wicket. There were a few plays-and-
misses, but that happens against a high-quality side." 
Virat Kohli: "It was a difficult game. I thought we did really 
well with the ball. The wicket didn't offer as much as it did 
under the lights. Their partnership was outstandin. I think 
the bowling (won the game for us) although we wanted to 
get a partnership going. The way Kedar and MS took 
responsibility was outstanding. (On Jadeja) Amazing. 10 
overs for less than 35 runs. Just the tight lines he bowled 
and set the fields accordingly. He's a great asset in the field 
too. (On Kuldeep and Shami) Brilliant, the way Shami has 
come into the white-ball set up. Never seen him so lean 
before. Got Maxi (Maxwell) out on 40-odd with a beautiful 
wicket. Just looking good for the World Cup. 
Mohammad Shami tells Sanjay Manjrekar: "This year has 
been one where we have worked really hard. We enjoy our 
training and you get to the see the results on the field. I 
hope that we continue to enjoy playing together and 
performing for the country. (On consistency across spells) 
There have been ups and downs in life, but it is cricket that 
has brought me here. I just try to give my best for the team, 
and I keep taking feedback from the experienced players. I 
have focused more on my line and length in the last 18 
months. (On fitness) When I returned from injuries, I had 
gone up to 93kg, and then I realised I needed to lose 
weight. I thank every one who pushes me, and I have 
maintained my weight since then." 
 Welcome to 
Document Cloud 
Here are four tips to get work done from 
anywhere with Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Sign, 
and Adobe Document Cloud services. 
01
 
Work where you want 
02
 
Prepare polished PDFs 
03
 
Share files with others 
 
04
 
Get help from Adobe 
  
0 1  Work where you want
Flexibility and freedom 
Desktop, web, or 
mobile—it’s up to you. 
Signed-in users can 
access files from any 
device. 
Work on your desktop. 
View, comment on, fill, 
sign, and send PDFs in free Acrobat Reader. Acrobat Pro and 
Acrobat Standard subscribers can also use premium tools to 
create, edit, export, and organize PDFs. 
Use any browser. Access commonly used PDF and signing 
tools in the browser of your choice. 
Work on the go. Work with PDFs anytime, anywhere with 
the free Adobe Acrobat Reader and Adobe Scan mobile 
apps. Subscribers can unlock additional mobile features, 
including create and export. Subscribers to Acrobat Pro DC 
can even edit text and images on their tablets.  
  
02 Prepare polished PDFs
Create, combine, and organize 
 
It’s easy to create a PDF with 
the exact content you want. 
Make trusted PDFs. Acrobat 
lets you turn practically anything 
into a high-quality PDF that 
looks great on any screen. 
Create a PDF from Microsoft 
Office files, a web page, scanned 
documents, and more. 
Merge multiple files into one PDF. Combine different file 
types—spreadsheets, images, presentations, and web 
pages—into a single PDF file that’s easy to share or archive. 
Organize pages. Drag and drop to reorder pages. You can 
also insert, delete, or rotate pages on your desktop, tablet, or 
mobile device. 
 03 Share files with others
 
Send, track, and manage 
 
Now you can share files for 
viewing, commenting, or 
signature—and track status 
every step of the way. 
Share files fast. Click, add, and 
send. It’s that easy. And recipients 
can view on any device with no 
software required. 
Collaborate better. Subscribers can also send files for 
signing or for review to collect group feedback in a single 
shared PDF file.  
Get notifications. Sign in, and we’ll let you know each time 
someone interacts with files you’ve shared. 
Manage your files. You’re in control. Track your file, forward 
it to others, or stop sharing at any time. 
    
04 Get help from Adobe
We’ve got your back 
Take advantage of tutorials 
and forums—and share your 
feedback with the Document 
Cloud team. 
Get tutorials. Become an expert 
with short videos and online 
instruction. 
Visit Adobe Forums. Ask questions and find answers in 
Document Cloud forums. 
Share your feedback. We need your help to continue to 
make Document Cloud the best solution available. Please 
share your thoughts.
 